ORG-44: Update readme to mention the blog (#1729)
metabrainz/musicbrainz-server: README.md

To get help, please join #metabrainz on irc.freenode.net

Important announcements (e.g. about breaking changes to the schema or our 

> API / web service) will be made on [our blog](https://blog.metabrainz.org/),

Reviewer: - +database _schema_
- -parenthesis
- replace _important announcements_ with _breaking changes_ as the link specifically targets that in next commit.

```suggestion
Breaking changes to the database schema or our API / web service will be announced on [our blog](https://blog.metabrainz.org/),
```

To get help, please join #metabrainz on irc.freenode.net

Important announcements (e.g. about breaking changes to the schema or our 
API / web service) will be made on

> [our blog](https://blog.metabrainz.org/category/development/updates/breaking-changes/),

Reviewer: Link more specifically to MusicBrainz breaking changes:

```suggestion
[our blog](https://blog.metabrainz.org/category/musicbrainz+breaking-changes/),
```

I guess that [2020-09-21](https://blog.metabrainz.org/2020/09/21/musicbrainz-server-update-2020-09-21/) should be tag with breaking changes then?

Author: I don't think that link works as intended? I'm seeing a lot of stuff not tagged with breaking changes.

Reviewer: It works as intended: it shows all previous posts about musicbrainz schema changes as I moved “Schema Change Release” category under “Breaking Changes”.

Author: Ooooooh. Magic. Ok then!
